I'm thinking we should give each admin a new signature Biogress/Quantech form for their battles. I'll design the ones for these admins, and Voltseon and Kristiano can design ones for their admins. Backstories/Lore for the admins are below, enjoy! I don't have names for them yet, but maybe that's something we can figure out together.


Biogress Admin 

While uninterested in the player and Arenay, and the struggle between Biogress and Quantech as a whole, her loyalty to Damian is unshakable. As a young girl living in Lumigen City, she often played in a flowery park near the Pokémon Center. To her horror, the entire park was dug up, flowers trampled upon, as a new powerplant was built upon it. Disgusted by the industrialization of her city and the inhabitant's willingness to destroy nature, she began to slip into a state of disinterest, figuring that humans weren't fit to be in this world. Now living in the wilderness, she was found by Damian, who brought her to Fleural Town, where flowers would forever bloom. Damian and his love of nature rekindled something within her, giving her purpose. Though still giving off a disinterested and aloof vibe, she serves Damian to the best of her ability and would gladly do anything necessary to crush anything or anyone who wishes to harm him, or her garden, ever again.


Quantech Admin

As the chief engineer of Quantech Co. under Brigid, she is known throughout the organization as her closest advisor on mechanical topics. Growing up in the island town of Amrin, she travelled to the mainland in search of work. She felt her mechanical ability was wasted on ocean liners and other aquatic craft, because there were dozens of others who could do the same thing despite being less talented. Wanting to be useful, she kept trying and failing to find a place where she could best apply herself to help the world. When she fell to her lowest point, wondering if she would waste away doing menial repairs that literally anyone could, even contemplating changing her focus in life, she arrived in Lumigen City, where a Power Plant had recently been built. Applying at Quantech Co., she was quickly hired, and rose to the top within a week. Now she is in charge of the design and creation of mechanical Pokémon forms, believing them to be capable of taking humans into the next age. Her prized project is the creation of a new mechanical form (That Cam has not seen but Tristan shall design :D) and she is ready to unveil it as her ace.